Very small note to address #195 (#215)
jaybee84/ml-in-rd: content/09.outlook.md

The high dimensionality of modern data requires creative approaches, such as learning new representations of the data, to manage the curse of dimensionality.
Leveraging prior knowledge and transfer learning methods to appropriately interpret data is also required.
Furthermore, we posit that researchers applying machine learning methods on rare disease data should use techniques that increase confidence (i.e., bootstrapping) and penalize complexity of the resultant models (i.e., regularization) to enhance the generalizability of their work. 

> Beyond rare disease, these approaches may also be useful in the context of other areas where a paucity of data makes analysis difficult, such as precision medicine applications in which customized treatment plans are developed for an individual patient's unique genotype and phenotype. 

Author: ```suggestion
Beyond rare disease, the approaches described in the previous sections may also be useful in the context of other areas where a paucity of data makes analysis difficult, such as precision medicine applications in which customized treatment plans are developed for an individual patient's unique genotype and phenotype. 
```

> Beyond rare disease, the approaches described in the previous sections may also be useful in the context of other areas where a paucity of data makes analysis difficult, such as precision medicine applications in which customized treatment plans are developed for an individual patient's unique genotype and phenotype. 

Reviewer: It might be a bit long, but I don't have a better/constructive suggestion!
